when history repeats do we notice and
more importantly do we do anything about
it I made my mistakes in all of my years
of public life I have never profited
never profited the public sir I've
earned every cent and in all of my years
public life I have never obstructed
justice and I think too that I could say
that in my years of public life that I
welcome this kind of examination because
people have got to know whether or not
their presidents a crook well I'm not a
crook
I think obviously we've got issues we
need to work through tourney general
will be doing that this week with
respect to the US Attorney question the
Justice Department but you do the best
you can with what you got obviously and
I think that on reflection that indeed
the the record of the president and his
administration standard well sweetie
the country tonight is in the midst of
what may be the most serious
constitutional crisis in its history the
president has hired special Watergate
prosecutor Archibald Cox because of the
president's acting the Attorney General
has resigned if your subpoena by the
Democrats would you go
no idea that I'm going to be subpoenaed
and obviously we sit down and look at
its time but probably not in the sense
that the President the Vice President
constitutional officers and don't appear
before the Congress so that's just your
view of executive power you're not going
to go up in testing that's been the
tradition
i shall resign the presidency effective
at noon tomorrow vice president for will
be sworn in as president at that hour in
this office